Sidecar describes the configuration of the sidecar proxy that mediates inbound and outbound communication
to the workload instance it is attached to. 

By default, Istio will program all sidecar proxies in the mesh with the necessary configuration required
to reach every workload instance in the mesh, as well as accept traffic on all the ports associated with the workload.

The Sidecar configuration provides a way to fine tune the set of ports, protocols that the proxy will accept 
when forwarding traffic to and from the workload.

In addition, it is possible to restrict the set of services that the proxy can reach 
when forwarding outbound traffic from workload instances.

Services and configuration in a mesh are organized into one or more namespaces (e.g., a Kubernetes namespace or a CF org/space).

A Sidecar configuration in a namespace will apply to one or more workload instances in the same namespace,
selected using the workloadSelector field. 

In the absence of a workloadSelector, it will apply to all workload instances in the same namespace.

When determining the Sidecar configuration to be applied to a workload instance, preference will be given to the resource with a workloadSelector
that selects this workload instance, over a Sidecar configuration without any workloadSelector.

NOTE 1:
Each namespace can have only one Sidecar configuration without any workloadSelector that specifies the default for all pods in that namespace.
It is recommended to use the name default for the namespace-wide sidecar. 
The behavior of the system is undefined if more than one selector-less Sidecar configurations exist in a given namespace. 
The behavior of the system is undefined if two or more Sidecar configurations with a workloadSelector select the same workload instance.

NOTE 2: 
A Sidecar configuration in the MeshConfig root namespace will be applied by default to all namespaces without a Sidecar configuration.
This global default Sidecar configuration should not have any workloadSelector.

NOTE 3: 
A Sidecar is not applicable to gateways, even though gateways are istio-proxies.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
